Well, before his death, Jesus warned all of those who would be his followers in the future that they would be
objects of persecution.
In Matthew chapter 10, you remember what Jesus said. Let's read this together. Matthew chapter 10 verse 22
And you will be hated of verse 22 and you will be hated by all people on account of my name
But the one who has endured to the end will be saved when they persecute you in one city flee to another
For truly I say to you you will by no means complete the circuit of the cities of Israel until the Son of Man arrives
Well, interestingly almost
Immediately after the Holy Spirit had been poured out and Jehovah began to select his anointed congregation
Those newly anointed disciples became the targets of intense persecution. You remember what happened in Acts chapter 4?
Let's read this Acts chapter 4 and verse 1
It says while the two were speaking to the people the priests the captain of the temple and the Sadducees came up to them
These were annoyed because the Apostles were teaching the people were openly declaring the resurrection of
Jesus from the dead so they seized them and took them into custody until the next day for it was already
evening and then if you turn over to chapter 5
And verse 17 we remember the words it says but the high priest rose and all those with him who are of the sect of the
Sadducees and they were filled with jealousy and they seized the Apostles and put them in the public jail
Well, that's the beginning. That's the very very beginning of the Christian congregation
Intense persecution right from day one
Well roughly about 25 years later in about the year 59 CE when the Apostle Paul arrived in Rome
By that time the prominent Jews in the city that Paul met with had heard much about the early Christians
Do you remember what they said?
Acts chapter 28
and verse 22
It says but the these are prominent Jews said to Paul
But we think at property here from you what your thoughts are for truly as regards this sect
We know that it is spoken against everywhere. Isn't that interesting?
So they called it a sect and they said it was spoken against everywhere
Well, what were some of the accusations
That were brought against the early Christians
While writing of the Christians in that first century period in the Roman Empire historian K. S.
La Tourette said this the accusations varied because they refused to participate in pagan ceremonies the Christians were dubbed atheists
Through their abstention for much of community life the pagan festivals the public amusements they were
Derided as haters of the human race
The fact that the memorial of Christ's death was celebrated only in the presence of believers
Fed the rumors that Christians regularly sacrificed an infant and consumed its blood and flesh
In addition because the early Christians refused to practice emperor worship
They were accused of being enemies of the state
Well, does that all sound familiar?
We've heard things much like that recently. Haven't we?
Well, much time has passed since these events in the first century
But the murderous hatred that Satan the devil has for all faithful servants of Jehovah God is still very much active in this earth
And we're not surprised by that. Do you remember what revelation chapter 12 and verse 17 says let's read it
Revelation 12 and verse 17
It says so the dragon became wrath enraged at the woman and
Went off to wage war with the remaining ones of her offspring who observed the commandments of God and
Have the work of bearing witness
concerning Jesus
Well, do you see the point you see as a result of remaining faithful the remaining
Anointed ones who are on the earth and all of those who associate with them and who support them in their work are in a war
a literal war against Satan the devil and the wicked spirit forces
now recently
We've seen the devil's attack on Jehovah's people in the country of Russia
Just yesterday the Interfax News agency reported that
Metropolitan Hilarion head of the Russian Orthodox
Sonotal Department for external church relations said this
Jehovah's Witnesses do not believe in Jesus Christ as the God and the Savior
They do not recognize the doctrine of the Trinity. Therefore, they cannot be called Christians
He stated that he welcomed the court ruling of the Russian Supreme Court and
Suggested that the pernicious and harmful influence of Jehovah's Witnesses would now start to decline
Well, can you hear the hatred of the devil in those comments?
But just as there have always been
Opposers of Jehovah's faithful servants
There have also been individuals like Gamelio that Jehovah has raised up who have come to the defense of Jehovah's people now some of these people
Do not love Jehovah's Witnesses
But for their own purposes they're willing to defend God's people just take this example
Andre Kareyev a proto-deacon of the Russian Orthodox Church and a professor of their spiritual academy in Moscow
He's a very very outspoken critic of Jehovah's Witnesses
But after the decision of the Russian Supreme Court, this is what he said
I argued that state agencies should not cooperate with this sect and I do not retract my words
But to accuse them of extremism that is not even funny
Such a decision is nothing other than idiotic
A waste to accuse pacifists of extremism. Isn't that something?
Yesterday it was very amazing to me to see a news conference in Russia
where German Chancellor Angela Merkel was on a podium with Russian President Vladimir Putin
There a Chancellor Merkel said
That she asked Mr. Putin to utilize his influence to protect minority rights as well as in the case of Jehovah's Witnesses
Well, my eyes almost fell out of my head as I saw Chancellor Merkel say that in the presence of President Putin of Russia
Well, there are many others who are willing to come to the defense of Jehovah's people
Last week when I was in the Kazakhstan a professor came to attend our talk for the entire country
He sat right in the front row
He's written a book about Jehovah's Witnesses and is very eager always to defend us
He wanted to speak to me and so he came backstage. We talked for about 15 or 20 minutes and he asked me what you know
What do you think is the source of all of these
Bad reports about Jehovah's Witnesses and I said to the professor. I said well, Professor
Anyone who truly knows Jehovah's Witnesses
Recognizes that all of these accusations are completely
Ridiculous
Well, the professor looked at me and he's a very distinguished white-haired man of probably about 60 or 70 years of age and he says to me
I know Jehovah's Witnesses
And I know that those charges are ridiculous
Isn't it wonderful that we have people like this who are willing to stand up for God's people
Well in spite of the hatred that's been spewed forth by the devil
It is amazing to see that persecution never ever stops God's faithful servants
It has never stopped them in the past and it will not stop them in the future
In fact, what did Jesus say here in Matthew chapter 5
Matthew chapter 5
And verse 11
Happy are you when people reproach you and persecute you and lieingly say every sort of wicked thing against you for my sake
Rejoice and be overjoyed since your reward is great in the heavens
For in that way they persecuted the prophets prior to you
Well, that's the attitude of true Christians
We know we're doing the right thing when we incur the hatred of these agents of the devil
Well one thing that brought me joy last week when I was in Russia and also in Kazakhstan
Was I heard so many reports from brothers and sisters saying that inactive ones
former Bible students
Relatives of witnesses are all contacting the brothers wanting to become involved again in the truth
Because of what they see happening in Russia. They know the end is close at hand
So while we keep on praying on behalf of our brothers who are being persecuted
How vital it is brothers that we keep on the watch that we continue to watch what's happening around the world
being very alert to world events
eagerly awaiting the time when our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ will appear and deliver us from this world
That is so firmly in the hands of the devil